---
title: about
date: 2023-07-25 14:58:04
comment: true
---

## About me...
Hey :) Welcome to the "About" page. I believe you want to know more about this site and probably...about me. I am Cyrus, a high school student -- even though this identification does not telling anything about me. 
My hobbies? I have a lot of them!
1. Thinking
2. Pondering
3. Considering
4. Meditating
5. Travelling
6. Photographing
7. Frisbee
8. Tech things
9. Mathematics (is this a hobby, well...I THINK it is.)
What? You say the first 4 things are actually the same? 
Well.....
You are right !

## About this site:
Here is some term...nology(?)
I tend to call this website *The Ocean*  and those posts, *The Tracks*. 

> A ship floating passes the sea...
> probably calm or wavy...
> the ship goes ahead...
> leaves echoing and glowing tracks...
>  
> tracks would fade...
> and memory would lost...
> some may be idyllic...
> but no one could recall...
>  
> a sailor them found...
> seized them with pins...
> and they stop fading...
> remaining with they place...

Tracks are various in kind. I will post my meditation in to this, 
Having Neither excellent skills
Nor gifted prowess

## 关于语言 | About some Language bit | de lingua
我的母语是中文，但是作为一名语言爱好者，我热爱学习不同的文字。
Because I believe, the more language I master, the more wonderful world I see.
Quoque scio frenum de latin
我的文章可能是由不同的文字写成的，因为我偏向使用某种文字书写特定的内容。不同内容、不同类型的

## Extra things:
> The gods are not to be feared.
> Death is nothing to worry about
> Good is easy to attain. 
> The fearful is easy to endure.
> -- Epicurean Motto

> 神不足惧，死不足忧，祸苦易忍，福乐易求
> —— 伊壁鸠鲁学派格言
## Why I am still writing blog nowadays

